# sasctext
Sexual Assault Support Centre (SASC) CALL FOR VOLUNTEERS  1  About the Project  The University of British Columbia (UBC)’s Alma Mater Society (AMS) Sexual Assault Support Centre(SASC) is committed to the education, support, and empowerment of people of all genders who are survivors of sexualized violence as well as their friends and family. We serve UBC students, staff, faculty, and people with a connection to the UBC campus through various resources and services. We provide crisis and emotional support, support groups, advocacy, workshops, community lending library and a resource area.   We are interested in expanding our crisis and emotional support through a communciation software application. We will have trained support workers available to respond to any question, concern, need or inquiry from 8am-10pm 7 days a week. Once implemented the application provides online realtime communication  between individuals needing support and trained support workers. We would also like this application to have an option for video (chat platform). All data shall remain protected and confidential.   2 Project Technical Requirements  This project need to be implemented as a native software application for both IOS and android devices; the User Experience and User Interface (UI,UX) need to be developed in consultation with SASC program manager. Preference will be given to applicants with Cross Platform Mobile Development experience(Phone Gap, React Native, …). The applicant needs to have experience working with various application programming interfaces(APIs) to implement the desired functionalities (texting, videochat, email, …). The applicant needs to be available until after the product launch to provide maintenance over the product performance based on the user feedbacks. Upon selection you’d be given more details of the project requirements and application user stories.
